Codepen: https://codepen.io/rdsizemore/pen/RwNNpeP?editors=0100#0
    1. What is Semantic HTML? This tells the meaning of the webpage. 
    2. What is HTML used for? Create pages to use for the internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? These provide additional info for the HTML. These go at the start of a tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Header 1 and provides meaning to the search engine. Usually found as the main title header and the most important section.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. boolean, style
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Main title and includes navigation items on the webpage.
    7. What is an id? ID is an attribute for the styling part of the page. ID only can be applied to one element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Header
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? Classes allow us to select individual elements and place a special attribute to the HTML. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? color, background-color, font-size
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? One or many
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? images
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section divides up headers, footers, chapters, etc. in an html. Div groups together elements inside the html. Divs will go inside of sections and can have multiple divs.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used for styling the HTML. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class selectts specific class attributes and ID selects specific elements. #AboutUs is an ID and .AboutUs would be a class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human {
        <p>
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Child inherits characteristics from their parents in sytling. Allows more natural developemnt when building user interfaces
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? When you don't have a set amount of elements but you want to style them individually
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: Capitalize, lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? select all
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? pwd
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm it does not give you a warning to delete nor adds the item to the recylcle bin.
    34. Why should I use version control? Recordds changes and you can recall a specific change or revert back when needed
    35. How often should I commit to github? As often as you can, at least every 15 minutes min.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Once you open the repo, always fork it first to show your Name
    Add a collaborator on the forked repo
    Clone the repo
    Open up git bash (windows) and use the cd command and find your directory to place the clone in
    Git the clone
    cd into the newly created repo
    git checkout to create a branch
    Work on your repo
    git add the changes and ready them to be committed
    git commit will commit the changes
    push all your commits from you local machine to github
    Pull a request via github
    branch the your repo and pull a new request
    Open the pull request and your TL can see the pull request